Update troubleshooting button (#3065)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SharePoint: OneDrive/change-user-storage.md

> To change the storage space for multiple users, use PowerShell to [Display a list of OneDrive accounts by using PowerShell](list-onedrive-urls.md) and use [Set-SPOSite](/powershell/module/sharepoint-online/set-sposite?preserve-view=true&view=sharepoint-ps&preserve-view=true) to make the change.
> 
> To disable OneDrive creation for specific users, see [Manage user profiles in the SharePoint admin center](/sharepoint/manage-user-profiles).

> ## Automated Troubleshooting for issues changing OneDrive Storage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Automated troubleshooting for issues when changing OneDrive storage
```

> If you're an administrator, and you're having trouble changing a users OneDrive Storage, select Run Tests below, which will populate a diagnostic in the Microsoft 365 Admin Center. These tests will check your configuration and quickly recommend next steps to resolve the issue. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are an administrator, and you're having trouble changing a user's OneDrive storage, select the following Run Tests: OneDrive Storage Quota, which will populate a diagnostic in the Microsoft 365 admin center. These tests will check your configuration and quickly recommend the next steps to resolve the issue. 
```
